Refresh DataTable changing filter through its ref (#52)
neolution-ch/react-data-table: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Functions `getFilterState` to get current status of filters and `updateFilters` to update filters and refresh dataTable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added function `getFilterState` to get current status of filters
- Added function `updateFilters` to update filters and refresh dataTable
```
what do you think? just to have every new feature on a separate line and it matches the previous style
